[DOCS-1166][DOCS-880][DOCS-1167][DOCS-1168] Update automation docs (#1084)
wandb/docs: content/guides/core/automations/create-automations/_index.md

- [Watch a video series introducing automations](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLD80i8An1OEGECFPgY-HPCNjXgGu-qGO6&feature=shared).
{{% /alert %}}

## Requirements
- A team admin can create and manage automations for the team's projects, as well as components of their automations, such as webhooks, secrets, or Slack instance integrations. Refer to [Team settings]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/settings-page/team-settings/" >}}).
- To create a registry automation, you must have access to the registry. Refer to [Configure Registry access]({{< relref "/guides/core/registry/configure_registry.md#registry-roles" >}}).
- To create a Slack automation, you must have permission to post to the Slack instance and channel you select.

## Create an automation
Create an automation from the project or registry's **Automations** tab. At a high level, to create an automation, follow these steps:

1. If necessary, [create a W&B secret]({{< relref "/guides/core/secrets.md" >}}) for each sensitive string required by the automation, such as an access token, password, or SSH key. Secrets are defined in your team settings. Secrets are most commonly used in webhook automation.

> 1. Configure the webhook or Slack integration to authorize W&B to post to Slack or run the webhook on your behalf. A single integration can be used by multiple automations. When you create the integration, you grant it access to any secrets it requires for authentication. Automation integrations are defined in your team settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the webhook or Slack integration to authorize W&B to post to Slack or run the webhook on your behalf. A single integration can be used by multiple automations. When you create the integration, you grant it access to any secrets it requires for authentication. Webhooks are defined in your team settings.
```
```suggestion
1. Configure the webhook or Slack integration to authorize W&B to post to Slack or run the webhook on your behalf. A webhook can be configured as the action of multiple automations. When you create the webhook, you grant it access to any secrets it requires for authentication. Automation integrations are defined in your team settings.
```
